README.md, before:

# 12 startups in 12 months
Repo to brainstorm potential products to build as a challenge or within 1 month. Repo just cointains Notes.

## Ideas
- **GifStory**: create a story out of Gif's and add text, stickers and and emojis (similar to instagram functionality, maybe upload own images as well?). Allow for multiple pages (like a slideshow). Then make it easily shareable with a public link (expires in X days). PRO feature: pay 5$ per month: unlimited slides. Never expires. Templates.
- **ChooseMyStartup.com**: plattform that is a notebook for all your ideas and anyone can rate and comment them and signup if they would use it. Login through magic link. You can tag them. To find out what great ideas are. This allows you also to phrase your ideas and formulate them. Spend some time on evaluating them before presenting them to friends or strangers. PRO Features: add custom link: ChooseMyStartup.com/thomas + mobile version + Private Ideas.
- **launch your idea tracker**: Tool that aggregates all plattforms to promote a product launch (e.g. producthunt, sideproject.org and so on) and makes it easier to keep track of the process. a tool that keeps track of all your projects that you launch and all plattform where to launch in one place. Also generate metrics for the projects to measure success. Maybe code first to use for all other projects? Use the development cycle by 12 startups in 12 months guy
- **Encrypted Database**: Database as a service that lets you store your data. But we ensure that its encrypted. If you loose your keys, your data is not readible.
- **Podcastify**: Service for youtubers that automatically converts their videos and uploads them to Spotify!
- **CalledIt**: Service that lets you track predictions. (Idea by AllanHolmes how to implement MVP: notion doc that gets updated manually and people can submit their calls). Do MVP for "crypto youtubers predictions".
- **LetBezozPay**: Go to this site before buying stuff on amazon, and we will return all amazon affiliate income to a good cause. Idea by David. Nonprofit, simple to set up and get running.
- **IamCryptoRich or BurnBitcoin**: build an app that allows bitcoin holders to burn bitcoin and get a proof of burn (rewarded with a cryptogrtaphical proof and maybe a badge or similar? Marketing: the more btc we burn, the higher the price gets. A small percentage of the burn is send to developer address? 1%. Donate bitcoin to the community. I am rich crypo version. I destroyed X bitcoin. Send us your shitcoins, and once they become valuable, at least you can claim that you "burned" this or that coin. Or: Bitcoin Burner NFT. Buy NFT from our smart contract for 1 BTC (+1% commission fee), then you get an NFT that says "I burned 1 Bitcoin". Bitcoin Burner NFT. Website welche alle Burner listed. We burned xyz bitcoins. Or: Xyz bitcoins were burned with Burn Bitcoin NFT.
- **Time Visualizer Library**: HTML / CSS library to display time across different countries. when you hover over it you can see your current time + time remaining timer.
- **CoinMarkeCapInstitutions**: https://youtu.be/_smIE-yixDg?t=345 Coinmarketcap with all coins that institutional investors can see.
- **take back your digital self**: Landing page that just has 1 cta: sign up if you want to own your own digital self. Lol. ANd ressources about why privacy matters. Why privacy != no accountability. Ressources to holochain and different sources. Cool youtube videos etc building the case for digital ownership of your data.

# Silly
- **cameo for celebrity doubles**: you would live a personal shoutout from a celebrity but cameo is too expensive? Worry not, we have top class celebrity doubles that are a quarter of the price that cameo.
- **publish your netflix series**: a fake neftlix website where you can upload your own videos and descriptions and share a public link with ur friends, so it looks like your fake content is an actual netflix series. To use as a joke only.

# UTILITY FOR MYSELF
- **TrackYourLife**: Define custom goals and track their progression (habbit forming)
- **Bartender App**: lets you create, manage and share your cocktail recipes. For pasionate bartenders.
- **TypeWriter App**: keybr for audible or podcasts. increase productivity while typing your favorite book. That way you learn to type really fast and also learn interesting stuff. Monetization through e book purchases? MVP with public articles that you can write or interviews with inspirational people.
- **Coinrocketapp**: simple cryptocurrency portfolio tracker (PWA, no registration, link as login)
- **Youtube2Dropbox**: download youtube videos and host them on your dropbox account for offline access with adds removed. Free youtube hack. Medium article on how to [d]ownload videos from youtube](https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/make-your-own-youtube-downloader-626133572429).
- **MobRun**: For lonely joggers that try to find a community of runners in the area they run / Gamifying the jogging experience by trying to flock groups of people to jogg together. Connecting on the app through real time contact only. OR ANOTHER APPROACH: matches runners that run in the same area and similar pace with each other. Tinder for runners. Upload your data from runtastic or nike+ and get recommendations. Stats are most important.
- **mediumforcoders.com**: Simple clone of medium.com that supports codeblocks with syntax highlighting.
- **Only HTML CSS Form Creator Tool**: build the best too to create a form by only using HTML and CSS. Multiple layers, first pick layout and dimensions, then pick the components. Then mpdify functionality (autocomplete, password, textfield vs textarea etc, at the end you can chose from a community driven pool of stylings).
- **BannerAPI**: create your banner on the fly with an API like this: bannerapi.com/?text=hello world&color=red&dim=200x200&theme=x => that automatically generates a banner image OR a website that displays the banner

# GAMES
- **Split or Steal interactive game**: you get to watch a 1 min video about people playing the split or steal game, then you can guess who is gonna choose splot and who steal. you get points if you can guess correctly. Basically a game to test your human behaviour prediction qualities ("Menschenkentnisse"). Example clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXYxAY1CkBQ
- **Multiplayer Games**: webbrowser session -> lets people play with their phones! (tetris / asteroids / pong)
- **OpenSource Tetris Effect Clone**: With custom music from local artists (to have similar atmosphere). Playable in the browser for free. Controll with iphone or keyboard.
- **Cooperatris**: Tetris 2P multiplayer game where 2 player work together (blocks meet in the middle). Mic connection to coordinate and cooperate. Main reserach intent: is is possible to build a game where the only way of winning is cooperation without harming others.

# SHOWCASE PRODUCTS
- **Filedrop.com**: A website that lets you drop anything from your computer to your phone (Text, Links, Media). Generates QR code to scan. Stores the data on the server for a short period of time. Domain already in use.
- **Dashboardly**: Just my custom library of webcomponents to buid dashboards (Ceps DB panel, liist-web)
- **ubuntu color picker**: same question as with the emoji picker. Can we write a native desktop app that accesses the screens information?
- **ubuntu emoji picker electron app**: as sideproject. Is it possible to write a emoji picker that opens where the mouse is and writes the emoji to the clipboard?
# TECHNICALLY DIFFICULT
- **SteerYourPcByGestures**: API to use hand gestures or audio commands to steer your computer. Build with lobe or teachable machine. MVP: for youtube? Maybe extension?
- **NFT Framework**: NFT token framework that lets people buy "stocks" of a private person (content creator) or band etc. The address holding the NFT token can then sign a message and get access to specials offered by that band. Usecase: a band sells 10 NFTs that allow the holder to always get into a live gig. A hype could build up whats the next big band and people could speculate on the future success of bands.
- **Holo Ghosts**: CryptoKitties clone on Holochain.
- **CalledItBtcPricePredictionBet**: Game to predict the next ATM of BTC. Designed as smart contract with oracle chainlink? small percentage of all locked up funds go to the developer (me).
# CREATIVITY / ARTSY
- **Code 2 Poster**: link your github repo, we make a poster out of it. Similar to Bitcoin Whitepaper Poster.
- **SwarmBrush**: Tool (maybe extension to photoshop) that lets you draw using swarm algorithms to enhace creativity
# EXTENSIONS
- **Scam Comment Remover**: flags youtube comments of poeple having same name than the creator, because they are often impersonated.
- **Comment Wall**: browser extension that lets you post comments on any website. All comments are public and users can upvote/downvote comments. Think of it as a reddit thread for every single webpage. To consume content and for private notes you do not need to pay, but if you want to publically post stuff you need to pay a fee on 10$ to prevent bot armies.
- **JS runner**: browser extension that lets you run your own javascript. You can post your code with descriptiuon. For example: "avoid medium popups", or: "scrape instagram pictures" etc...
- **PrivateCookieAccepter**: Extension that automatically accepts the most private cookie settings on all those stupid GDPR cookie settings.
# Privacy
- **Facebook Data Leak Checker**: find out who of your contacts is affected by the facebook data leak and inform them. Because facebook won't inform its users.
- **PrivacyNow**: setup anonymity on the internet -> organize a hackathon. How to delete all data and create pseudonyms. + prove to people who I am by providing a signed message with the private key of the publically availible key on my pseudonym website.
- **GoodAdvertise**: Advertising works by repetition. But the advertiser's interests are not aligned with the user being served the adds. Imagine what positive impact one could have when you would get advertisment for stuff that is actually beneficial to you instead of random stuff corporations want to sell you in order to maximize profits. Example: Imagine how exciting it would be to get adds that show how running or meditation is beneficial to your health. And you get those adds all the time. This would rewire your brain for new patterns and would truly benefit the person seeing the add. GoodAdvertise is a service that plays you randomly adds that you yourself create (shold be a google extension?)
# CRYPTO RELATED
- **bitcoin proof ownership proof**: A service that allows people to sign a message to proof that they own the private key of a given bitcoin address, effectively prooving that they own the bitcoin stored in that address.
  - 2 sided marketplace: Validate Proof / Generate Proof
  - Search Keywords in google: digital+signature+bitcoin, proof+ownership+of+bitcoin+address, example: https://news.bitcoin.com/how-to-prove-ownership-with-a-bitcoin-cash-address-and-digital-signature/#:~:text=The%20Bitcoin%20Cash%20Blockchain%20and%20Notarized%20Proof&text=With%20a%20private%20key%2C%20an,proves%20ownership%20of%20the%20address.,
- **Satoshis Casino**: randomly generate a private seed and check on the blockchain if the address has funds. Allow users to input their birthday, their favorite picture or book or just a single number. Doesn't really matter. Anything can be hashed.
- **thebitcoinpresentation.com**: a portable presentation to explain bitcoin (in english or german) to introduce bitcoin to new people. Scan to control from phone (with websockets).
- ✅**shillcoin.info**: LAUNCHED! check out => https://shillcoin.info . Evaluate all crypto predictions made by youtubers and create a ranking.
- **private-text-drop.com**: holochain proof of concept app where you can securely exchange api keys and passwords. Disappearing messages. All open source on holochain. No tracking.
- **nftfloorprice**: Utility that scrapes floor prices from opensea every 5 mins. Also a portfolio tracker that tracks your NFTs and displays the value of your portfolio.
- **NUMBERSNFTS**: 10'000 unique NFTs, each one is a number in the range of 0 to 999. Most of them have blue background with a white Number (in painting style). Some special Numbers are more rare (e.g. 0-10, 1000, 9999 etc). Every number is also a utility, you can set the content of a 100kx100x pixel grid on numbersnft.com. "free" advertising. Similar to the idea of one guy that sold pixels on his website.
- **setupyourholoport**: dictionary for all ressources to setup your holoport, since they are distributed all around the web. Start with notion page.
- **nft galery**: website builder to create your own NFT galery. Verify with metamask. Chose different templates. Maybe a plugin for SANDBOX to create your own SANDBOX galery (if that is even possible)?

# Business Idea
- **Rustbootcamp.com**: Open Source rust bootcamp in lewagon style, with "lecture", excercises (with tests) and flashcards. 10 sessions to master rust. Introduction and theory / concept as well as 1 or 2 projects. Target people interested in holochain.

# Code related
- **Coding Notes website**: a framework to save coding notes. Features: Indexable (Searchable), Possibility to add SEO, view single page standalone. To give value back to community. For example practical documentation of mapkit JS examples (really bad documented and community is closed on apple developer portal).
- **target=_blank** vulnerability showcase / demo site. Add instructions on how to expose yourself to this vulnerability so people can test it out.
- **GEM & NodeJS package**: ISOWeek NPM package and ruby GEM (add with testing)
```js
ISOWeek.get(new Date()) // =>
ISOWeek.thisWeek() // =>
ISOWeek.lastWeek() // =>

ISOWeek.range(weekId) // =>
ISOWeek.startDate(weekId) // =>
ISOWeek.endDate(weekId) // =>
```

# OTHER EXPLORATIONS
- **chess month**: how far can one go when learning chess fulltime for 1 month? Document journey.
- **design month**: UX / UI, learn Figma.
- **blockchain month**: Solidity, Rust, Holochain

Commit message:

:sparkle: add crypto donations component

README.md, after:

# 12 startups in 12 months
Repo to brainstorm potential products to build as a challenge or within 1 month. Repo just cointains Notes.

## Ideas
- **GifStory**: create a story out of Gif's and add text, stickers and and emojis (similar to instagram functionality, maybe upload own images as well?). Allow for multiple pages (like a slideshow). Then make it easily shareable with a public link (expires in X days). PRO feature: pay 5$ per month: unlimited slides. Never expires. Templates.
- **ChooseMyStartup.com**: plattform that is a notebook for all your ideas and anyone can rate and comment them and signup if they would use it. Login through magic link. You can tag them. To find out what great ideas are. This allows you also to phrase your ideas and formulate them. Spend some time on evaluating them before presenting them to friends or strangers. PRO Features: add custom link: ChooseMyStartup.com/thomas + mobile version + Private Ideas.
- **launch your idea tracker**: Tool that aggregates all plattforms to promote a product launch (e.g. producthunt, sideproject.org and so on) and makes it easier to keep track of the process. a tool that keeps track of all your projects that you launch and all plattform where to launch in one place. Also generate metrics for the projects to measure success. Maybe code first to use for all other projects? Use the development cycle by 12 startups in 12 months guy
- **Encrypted Database**: Database as a service that lets you store your data. But we ensure that its encrypted. If you loose your keys, your data is not readible.
- **Podcastify**: Service for youtubers that automatically converts their videos and uploads them to Spotify!
- **CalledIt**: Service that lets you track predictions. (Idea by AllanHolmes how to implement MVP: notion doc that gets updated manually and people can submit their calls). Do MVP for "crypto youtubers predictions".
- **LetBezozPay**: Go to this site before buying stuff on amazon, and we will return all amazon affiliate income to a good cause. Idea by David. Nonprofit, simple to set up and get running.
- **IamCryptoRich or BurnBitcoin**: build an app that allows bitcoin holders to burn bitcoin and get a proof of burn (rewarded with a cryptogrtaphical proof and maybe a badge or similar? Marketing: the more btc we burn, the higher the price gets. A small percentage of the burn is send to developer address? 1%. Donate bitcoin to the community. I am rich crypo version. I destroyed X bitcoin. Send us your shitcoins, and once they become valuable, at least you can claim that you "burned" this or that coin. Or: Bitcoin Burner NFT. Buy NFT from our smart contract for 1 BTC (+1% commission fee), then you get an NFT that says "I burned 1 Bitcoin". Bitcoin Burner NFT. Website welche alle Burner listed. We burned xyz bitcoins. Or: Xyz bitcoins were burned with Burn Bitcoin NFT.
- **Time Visualizer Library**: HTML / CSS library to display time across different countries. when you hover over it you can see your current time + time remaining timer.
- **CoinMarkeCapInstitutions**: https://youtu.be/_smIE-yixDg?t=345 Coinmarketcap with all coins that institutional investors can see.
- **take back your digital self**: Landing page that just has 1 cta: sign up if you want to own your own digital self. Lol. ANd ressources about why privacy matters. Why privacy != no accountability. Ressources to holochain and different sources. Cool youtube videos etc building the case for digital ownership of your data.

# Silly
- **cameo for celebrity doubles**: you would live a personal shoutout from a celebrity but cameo is too expensive? Worry not, we have top class celebrity doubles that are a quarter of the price that cameo.
- **publish your netflix series**: a fake neftlix website where you can upload your own videos and descriptions and share a public link with ur friends, so it looks like your fake content is an actual netflix series. To use as a joke only.

# UTILITY FOR MYSELF
- **TrackYourLife**: Define custom goals and track their progression (habbit forming)
- **Bartender App**: lets you create, manage and share your cocktail recipes. For pasionate bartenders.
- **TypeWriter App**: keybr for audible or podcasts. increase productivity while typing your favorite book. That way you learn to type really fast and also learn interesting stuff. Monetization through e book purchases? MVP with public articles that you can write or interviews with inspirational people.
- **Coinrocketapp**: simple cryptocurrency portfolio tracker (PWA, no registration, link as login)
- **Youtube2Dropbox**: download youtube videos and host them on your dropbox account for offline access with adds removed. Free youtube hack. Medium article on how to [d]ownload videos from youtube](https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/make-your-own-youtube-downloader-626133572429).
- **MobRun**: For lonely joggers that try to find a community of runners in the area they run / Gamifying the jogging experience by trying to flock groups of people to jogg together. Connecting on the app through real time contact only. OR ANOTHER APPROACH: matches runners that run in the same area and similar pace with each other. Tinder for runners. Upload your data from runtastic or nike+ and get recommendations. Stats are most important.
- **mediumforcoders.com**: Simple clone of medium.com that supports codeblocks with syntax highlighting.
- **Only HTML CSS Form Creator Tool**: build the best too to create a form by only using HTML and CSS. Multiple layers, first pick layout and dimensions, then pick the components. Then mpdify functionality (autocomplete, password, textfield vs textarea etc, at the end you can chose from a community driven pool of stylings).
- **BannerAPI**: create your banner on the fly with an API like this: bannerapi.com/?text=hello world&color=red&dim=200x200&theme=x => that automatically generates a banner image OR a website that displays the banner

# GAMES
- **Split or Steal interactive game**: you get to watch a 1 min video about people playing the split or steal game, then you can guess who is gonna choose splot and who steal. you get points if you can guess correctly. Basically a game to test your human behaviour prediction qualities ("Menschenkentnisse"). Example clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXYxAY1CkBQ
- **Multiplayer Games**: webbrowser session -> lets people play with their phones! (tetris / asteroids / pong)
- **OpenSource Tetris Effect Clone**: With custom music from local artists (to have similar atmosphere). Playable in the browser for free. Controll with iphone or keyboard.
- **Cooperatris**: Tetris 2P multiplayer game where 2 player work together (blocks meet in the middle). Mic connection to coordinate and cooperate. Main reserach intent: is is possible to build a game where the only way of winning is cooperation without harming others.

# SHOWCASE PRODUCTS
- **Filedrop.com**: A website that lets you drop anything from your computer to your phone (Text, Links, Media). Generates QR code to scan. Stores the data on the server for a short period of time. Domain already in use.
- **Dashboardly**: Just my custom library of webcomponents to buid dashboards (Ceps DB panel, liist-web)
- **ubuntu color picker**: same question as with the emoji picker. Can we write a native desktop app that accesses the screens information?
- **ubuntu emoji picker electron app**: as sideproject. Is it possible to write a emoji picker that opens where the mouse is and writes the emoji to the clipboard?
# TECHNICALLY DIFFICULT
- **SteerYourPcByGestures**: API to use hand gestures or audio commands to steer your computer. Build with lobe or teachable machine. MVP: for youtube? Maybe extension?
- **NFT Framework**: NFT token framework that lets people buy "stocks" of a private person (content creator) or band etc. The address holding the NFT token can then sign a message and get access to specials offered by that band. Usecase: a band sells 10 NFTs that allow the holder to always get into a live gig. A hype could build up whats the next big band and people could speculate on the future success of bands.
- **Holo Ghosts**: CryptoKitties clone on Holochain.
- **CalledItBtcPricePredictionBet**: Game to predict the next ATM of BTC. Designed as smart contract with oracle chainlink? small percentage of all locked up funds go to the developer (me).
# CREATIVITY / ARTSY
- **Code 2 Poster**: link your github repo, we make a poster out of it. Similar to Bitcoin Whitepaper Poster.
- **SwarmBrush**: Tool (maybe extension to photoshop) that lets you draw using swarm algorithms to enhace creativity
# EXTENSIONS
- **Scam Comment Remover**: flags youtube comments of poeple having same name than the creator, because they are often impersonated.
- **Comment Wall**: browser extension that lets you post comments on any website. All comments are public and users can upvote/downvote comments. Think of it as a reddit thread for every single webpage. To consume content and for private notes you do not need to pay, but if you want to publically post stuff you need to pay a fee on 10$ to prevent bot armies.
- **JS runner**: browser extension that lets you run your own javascript. You can post your code with descriptiuon. For example: "avoid medium popups", or: "scrape instagram pictures" etc...
- **PrivateCookieAccepter**: Extension that automatically accepts the most private cookie settings on all those stupid GDPR cookie settings.
# Privacy
- **Facebook Data Leak Checker**: find out who of your contacts is affected by the facebook data leak and inform them. Because facebook won't inform its users.
- **PrivacyNow**: setup anonymity on the internet -> organize a hackathon. How to delete all data and create pseudonyms. + prove to people who I am by providing a signed message with the private key of the publically availible key on my pseudonym website.
- **GoodAdvertise**: Advertising works by repetition. But the advertiser's interests are not aligned with the user being served the adds. Imagine what positive impact one could have when you would get advertisment for stuff that is actually beneficial to you instead of random stuff corporations want to sell you in order to maximize profits. Example: Imagine how exciting it would be to get adds that show how running or meditation is beneficial to your health. And you get those adds all the time. This would rewire your brain for new patterns and would truly benefit the person seeing the add. GoodAdvertise is a service that plays you randomly adds that you yourself create (shold be a google extension?)
# CRYPTO RELATED
- **bitcoin proof ownership proof**: A service that allows people to sign a message to proof that they own the private key of a given bitcoin address, effectively prooving that they own the bitcoin stored in that address.
  - 2 sided marketplace: Validate Proof / Generate Proof
  - Search Keywords in google: digital+signature+bitcoin, proof+ownership+of+bitcoin+address, example: https://news.bitcoin.com/how-to-prove-ownership-with-a-bitcoin-cash-address-and-digital-signature/#:~:text=The%20Bitcoin%20Cash%20Blockchain%20and%20Notarized%20Proof&text=With%20a%20private%20key%2C%20an,proves%20ownership%20of%20the%20address.,
- **Satoshis Casino**: randomly generate a private seed and check on the blockchain if the address has funds. Allow users to input their birthday, their favorite picture or book or just a single number. Doesn't really matter. Anything can be hashed.
- **thebitcoinpresentation.com**: a portable presentation to explain bitcoin (in english or german) to introduce bitcoin to new people. Scan to control from phone (with websockets).
- ✅**shillcoin.info**: LAUNCHED! check out => https://shillcoin.info . Evaluate all crypto predictions made by youtubers and create a ranking.
- **private-text-drop.com**: holochain proof of concept app where you can securely exchange api keys and passwords. Disappearing messages. All open source on holochain. No tracking.
- **nftfloorprice**: Utility that scrapes floor prices from opensea every 5 mins. Also a portfolio tracker that tracks your NFTs and displays the value of your portfolio.
- **NUMBERSNFTS**: 10'000 unique NFTs, each one is a number in the range of 0 to 999. Most of them have blue background with a white Number (in painting style). Some special Numbers are more rare (e.g. 0-10, 1000, 9999 etc). Every number is also a utility, you can set the content of a 100kx100x pixel grid on numbersnft.com. "free" advertising. Similar to the idea of one guy that sold pixels on his website.
- **setupyourholoport**: dictionary for all ressources to setup your holoport, since they are distributed all around the web. Start with notion page.
- **nft galery**: website builder to create your own NFT galery. Verify with metamask. Chose different templates. Maybe a plugin for SANDBOX to create your own SANDBOX galery (if that is even possible)?

# Business Idea
- **Rustbootcamp.com**: Open Source rust bootcamp in lewagon style, with "lecture", excercises (with tests) and flashcards. 10 sessions to master rust. Introduction and theory / concept as well as 1 or 2 projects. Target people interested in holochain.

# Code related
- **Coding Notes website**: a framework to save coding notes. Features: Indexable (Searchable), Possibility to add SEO, view single page standalone. To give value back to community. For example practical documentation of mapkit JS examples (really bad documented and community is closed on apple developer portal).
- **target=_blank** vulnerability showcase / demo site. Add instructions on how to expose yourself to this vulnerability so people can test it out.
- **GEM & NodeJS package**: ISOWeek NPM package and ruby GEM (add with testing)
```js
ISOWeek.get(new Date()) // =>
ISOWeek.thisWeek() // =>
ISOWeek.lastWeek() // =>

ISOWeek.range(weekId) // =>
ISOWeek.startDate(weekId) // =>
ISOWeek.endDate(weekId) // =>
```
- **Crypto Donation Component**: Component (in react and lit-html) where you can input crypto addresses and it automatically generates QR code and a nice donations UI, see here: https://nftfloorprice.info/donate

# OTHER EXPLORATIONS
- **chess month**: how far can one go when learning chess fulltime for 1 month? Document journey.
- **design month**: UX / UI, learn Figma.
- **blockchain month**: Solidity, Rust, Holochain
